hi everyone welcome back to my channel
today I'm filming outside it is a
gorgeous a day this is our backyard some
of you have already seen our yard I just
think it's just beautiful we are getting
ready to put stuff away for the winter
and so I'm doing a little bit of bump
yard work today but I wanted to do this
quick video for miss Fraser one in-car
Fox 100 shutout to both of you again
miss Fraser one and Carr Fox 100 they
both wanted to know what my agenda
looked like with the 2014 Louie Vuitton
refills and so let me just show you what
it looks like so let me just show you
the bottom as you can see the very
pretty gold color tone paper looks very
pretty
I really like the gold tone and then
here's a side view of what it looks like
and then this is the top so let me just
show you what my refills came with I got
the trunks and locks refills for 2014 so
it came with this little mark next it
came with Louie Vuitton like a brown
cover and then here you have the very
first page it's for personal reminders
you can add your personal information on
here and then moving on right here it
kinda talks a little bit about the new
Eva Thanh Inventor so that was sort of
nice to have it also came with a 2014
like a holiday planner
and then so this is what the monthly
calendar looks like and I'm gonna try to
get a closer look I'm filming with my
cell phone so I hope the quality of the
video is okay
so next I'm gonna move over it also came
with a kind of like um a 2014 planning
calendar it's in kind of like a
landscape style that you are you can
pull out and then you can fold it and
put it back in so here is my 2014 Bailey
refill this is what it looks like this
is the daily star start with 8:00 a.m.
9:00 o'clock 10:00 11:00 and then it
goes into like military time and then on
the bottom there's a little bit of a
space for notes have some stickers and
then it has a second sheet of stickers
so they both wanted to know what the
refills looked like inside of the agenda
so here it is it also came with a little
ruler which is right here
and then this is the back of the agenda
so again thank you so much for your
request and then just show you another
quick view of what it looks like here's
the bottom very pretty
side of you and then here is a whoops
the top view
all right everyone thank you so much for
your positive comments and feedback and
if you wish to follow me on instagram my
username is my love for max and
greetings from California bye-bye